I"?	<p>A fantastic  year comes to an end like many others but I still remember the one year  in which an entourage of extraordinary human beings had gathered around  me. I just hoped that our story might have a good ending but sometimes  wishes don’t come true. Staring at the Glass Wall I see myself standing  right there alone and carrying a whole bag of despair and endless  remorse but then I had sown the seeds and now I witness the  repercussions . But my story was not like this at all. There was a time  when I saw her in my reflection. I could see her enchanting beauty  refracted quite meticulously by her pair of glasses. I could actually  see a lot of affection in those eyes no matter how small my angle of  incidence was the image that I received was larger than life. Deep down I  never could have calculated that someday my angle would reduce to the  critical angle and I would be pushed to eternal blackness. My story  started with a plasma wall colloquially known as the “monitor” or  “personal computer” when I came to know about this wonderful person. I  really don’t know when I came close to her and suddenly some streams of  binary bits connected us. Those streams of binary bits started to make  sense and I still wonder how simple subtle series of zeros and ones  could affect my life. It still does.. At times I just stare at the same  plasma wall trying to read from the past conversations. The color of the  wall has faded away because there’s no color at all. It doesnt make any  sense now to read things that have been my colorful and radiant past.  But I read it still some paragraphs I have read it soo many times that I  just need no wall to read them. Comes naturally… as always… Beginning  of my life I have chased many dreams some did come true but majorly  things failed. When dreams fail this glass wall in which I see myself at  some point of time it just comes crashing down with the pieces hitting  straight to me. Blistering me with the pointed particles leaving me  asphyxiated at times. I can feel the warmth of blood oozing out from my  body along with the energy. Finally a day when I lost everything I found  myself drowning in the ocean of melancholy. I can’t scream I will lose  my breathe I can’t make signs as no one can see me and suddenly I found  myself in a much more comfortable position.</p>
:ET